README.md, before:

# today-i-learned
Collection of topics i have learned every day

## Javascript
- [is window.postMessage slow?](https://dassur.ma/things/is-postmessage-slow/)
- [How to improve performance of react app using css](https://blog.usejournal.com/how-i-improved-my-react-app-faster-just-using-css-408137b579ae)
- [How to do micro frontend](https://martinfowler.com/articles/micro-frontends.html). I did same but little deviated from this mentioned way.
- #### React
  - [How react hooks works](https://medium.com/@ryardley/react-hooks-not-magic-just-arrays-cd4f1857236e)

## Testing
- [Examples of various secanrios of unit testing using Dom-testing library](https://rafaelquintanilha.com/react-testing-library-common-scenarios/)
- [No, Don't mock me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af4M8GMoxi4) Detailed explation about what should/shouldn't get mocked
- [Don't test implementation details, it wont help](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/testing-implementation-details)
- [AssertJs 2018 conf videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZ66c9_z3umNSrKSb5cmpxdXZcIPNvKGw)

## CSS


## HTML

Commit message:

29/07/2019
Today i learnt about interesting thing called server sent events.

README.md, after:

# today-i-learned
Collection of topics i have learned every day

## Javascript
- [is window.postMessage slow?](https://dassur.ma/things/is-postmessage-slow/)
- [How to improve performance of react app using css](https://blog.usejournal.com/how-i-improved-my-react-app-faster-just-using-css-408137b579ae)
- [How to do micro frontend](https://martinfowler.com/articles/micro-frontends.html). I did same but little deviated from this mentioned way.
- [Server sent events for pushing data from server to client](https://www.w3.org/TR/eventsource/)
- #### React
  - [How react hooks works](https://medium.com/@ryardley/react-hooks-not-magic-just-arrays-cd4f1857236e)

## Testing
- [Examples of various secanrios of unit testing using Dom-testing library](https://rafaelquintanilha.com/react-testing-library-common-scenarios/)
- [No, Don't mock me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af4M8GMoxi4) Detailed explation about what should/shouldn't get mocked
- [Don't test implementation details, it wont help](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/testing-implementation-details)
- [AssertJs 2018 conf videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZ66c9_z3umNSrKSb5cmpxdXZcIPNvKGw)

## CSS


## HTML
